NEWS for planes
===============

0.5.0
-----

Released on 22 June 2012.

'clickndrag' has been renamed to 'planes', this is the first release under the 
new name.

Planes now handle mouseovers, by default highlighting the Plane. GUI buttons and 
options will highlight by default. Added PlusMinusBox GUI widget.

Added modules gui.lmr and gui.tmb which enable bitmap image backgrounds for 
planes GUI widgets. Included a set of default background images.

Improved transparency for GUI widgets.

Added FadingContainer GUI widget which will fade out over time.

Numerous fixes and improvements, along with a documentation update.


0.4.1
-----

Released on 29 July 2011.

Removed OK button and callback from gui.OptionList to be able to embed it in 
more complex dialogs. Added gui.OptionSelector as a drop-in replacement. 
Simplified cursor rendering in gui.TextBox, which is done in 
gui.TextBox.redraw() now, no longer messing with gui.TextBox.text. Changed 
Plane.remove_all() to actually call Plane.remove() for all current subplanes. 
gui.Container now also shrinks horizontally when a subplane is removed. Added 
'insert_after' argument to Plane.sub(), making it possible to render related 
subplanes without others inbetween. Plane.sync() uses the offset between Plane 
centers instead of Plane toplefts now, avoiding alignment problems with dynamic 
Planes as gui.OutlinedText. gui.OutlinedText now saves and restores the center 
of OutlinedText.rect upon a text change. Fixed default background color setting 
in various places. Added wrapping at newlines to gui.OkBox. Several fixes to be 
compatible with Python 2.6 distutils. Added clickndrag.VERSION, which is now 
read in setup.py. Documentation update.


0.4.0
-----

Released on 28 March 2011.

Numerous changes to make clickndrag compatible with Python 2.x.
Tested with Python 2.6.5 and Python 3.1.2, using Pygame 1.9.1.


0.3.0
-----

Released on 23 March 2011.

Improved cx_Freeze compatibility. TextBoxes now display a cursor. Planes now 
have callbacks for left and right mouse button. The position of a Plane can now 
be synced to another Plane. Added class OutlinedText which implements a label 
with transparent background and outlined bold text. The Display class now 
accepts a "fullscreen" argument. Documentation updates.


0.2.0
-----

Released on 11 March 2011.

Added proper GPL licensing. Performance improvements: Planes now use per-pixel 
alpha only when neccessary, and utilise video RAM if available. clickndrag now 
includes Bitstream Vera as default font. gui.TextBox and gui.GetStringDialog can 
now be confirmed using the RETURN key. Added showcase clickndrag-interactive.py. 
Documentation updates.


0.1.0
-----

Released on 12 January 2011.

This is the first alpha release. The API is still likely to change. API docs are 
provided, but examples and how-tos are still missing.
